[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on the Fishman Island,
which is located ten thousand
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones and
assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It is not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
and find themselves in
the midst of an all-out war!
After a change of plans,
Hordy threatens to crush
the entire island under
the weight of a massive ship.
I told you before.
Didn't you hear me?
I'll save Shirahoshi
and this island.
Oh, Luffy.
Because I promised my friend.
Straw Hat.
[LUFFY]
I'll protect them.
Every last one!
Song of Scratches...
Blizzard Slice!
[USOPP]
Impact Wolf! Awesome, right?
Cloven Roseo Palm!
Franky...
Ika, Ika, Ika!
...Radical Beam!
And begone!
[SANJI]
Hell Memories!
Purgatory... Onigiri!
Now, Gum-Gum... Elephant Gun!
Shut up!
I've heard enough of you!
Crush them, Noah.
Kill them all. They've forsaken
their pride as Fishmen.
They deserve to pay the price.
[HORDY chuckles]
[HORDY gasps]
[yelling]
Now, Gum-Gum...
Elephant Gatling!
[LUFFY] "Stop, Noah!
Desperate Elephant Gatling!"
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Those officers were like demons
straight out of hell, but they
were a joke to the Straw Hats.
I'm glad they're on our side!
[USOPP]
He, he, he.
Heh.
[JIMBEI]
Hm?
[SANJI]
Heads up, fish people!
Eyes on the sky!
Danger's on the way down!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
It's Wadatsumi!
He'll squash us flat!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
Coulda dropped him in a place
with less people, dumb-ass.
Shut it!
Keep complaining and I'll
drop the next giant on you!
[CHOPPER] That was
downright amazing, Sanji.
[CHOPPER]
Hm?
[FRANKY]
Hey, Chopper!
You mind shrinkin' down some?
You're totally upstaging
my giant robot here.
[USOPP]
Franky! That beam was so cool!
Are you serious? That
robot was utterly useless.
[BROOK gasps]
That reminds me!
Nami!
What is it?
[BROOK] You should
really wear a miniskirt.
[NAMI]
Stuff it!
[ALL shouting]
Well done. Expected
no less from Luffy's crew.
[FISHMEN murmuring]
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
He did it!
[FISHMEN murmuring]
[AMMO KNIGHT A] It's for
real this time! I promise!
Luffy beat Hordy!
Did I hear that right?
Yeah.
The Straw Hats did it. They
beat the New Fishman Pirates.
They saved us!
[GROUP cheering]
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Wait! Th-The Noah!
[FISHMEN gasping]
[FISHMAN AA]
The Noah's right above us!
[ALL scream]
Run for your lives!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE E]
It's gonna crush
every last one of us!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE F]
We've gotta get out of here!
Neptune's army might trap
us in the plaza if we don't!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE G] We can
make it! Those psycho officers
can't stop us now!
It's chaos down there! How's the
evacuation proceeding so far?
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Only a handful of citizens
have escaped to the sea.
The rest are trying to run,
but all sense of order has
been thrown out the window!
[FISHMEN screaming]
[MERMAID A grunts]
Are you okay?
[gasps]
Oh, no, are we too late?
Please, do something!
Stop that thing!
Straw Hat!
The rebellion
has been vanquished,
but it was all for naught!
It's over!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
No! It's not!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Hm?
Straw Hat is still fighting!
He's not giving up yet!
[AMMO KNIGHT A] I can hardly
believe what I'm seeing.
[yelling]
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
He still has strength left!
He's attacking the Noah!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
It's breaking apart!
[yelling]
He's gonna smash it?
How can anyone
destroy a ship that huge?
Well, they can't!
Even if it is Luffy!
We might wanna
prepare for the worst.
Perhaps, but let's
have faith in him.
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Oh, come on, you can do it!
[LUFFY yelling]
[yelling]
Careful, Luffy!
We'll be all right if he can
obliterate it before it crashes,
but if he's unable to...
...then we're all doomed.
It'll be the end
for Fishman Island.
Give it everything
you've got, Luffy!
[USOPP]
We're counting on you down here!
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
I believe in you.
[FISHMEN screaming]
[STRIPED HAT FISHMAN]
What's wrong?
[SHELL SHIRT FISHMAN]
I refuse to run!
Are you insane?!
The Noah's right above us!
I know that! I'm not stupid,
but this reminds me...
It makes me think of another
pirate who fought to protect us.
It happened when I was
a kid... 20 years ago.
[STRIPED HAT FISHMAN gasps]
I even recall you being
there! You remember?
There was one other human
our kingdom revered.
[gasps]
[PIRATE B laughs]
Helluva haul we got!
[MERMAID B panting]
[PIRATE A]
Get back here!
No!
[PIRATE A groans]
What the hell? You in the
mood to die or somethin'?
[PIRATE CAPTAIN A gasps, yelps]
No way! What's he doing here?
And why is he siding
with the Fishmen?
[WHITEBEARD chuckles] Neptune
helped me out of a jam one time
back when we were young,
and we pledged friendship
over cups of saké.
Please don't kill me! I promise!
We'll never kidnap
mermaids or Fishmen again!
Ya wanna mess with
my friend's country,
then you face the consequences,
you snot-nosed punks!
[PIRATES yelling]
You listen up.
This island is
under my protection!
[STRIPED HAT FISHMAN]
You're talking about Whitebeard?
That guy was a living legend!
You trust the
Straw Hats that much?
Don't get me wrong.
I... I don't even
like humans, honestly.
And this is our
kingdom, not theirs.
But they...
[LUFFY] Our minds were made up
as soon as we got to the plaza.
With Jimbei's help, we
were gonna save this island!
Leave it to me and my crew!
That's what friends
are for, right?
The things that Straw Hat said--
and they're risking their lives.
[FISHMEN gasping]
[LUFFY yelling]
Make it happen, Straw Hat!
We're rootin' for ya down here!
We know you can do it!
Keep it up, Straw Hat!
You may be a human, but
you've got all of our support!
We ain't runnin' nowhere!
Go, Straw Hat!
We all believe in you!
[FISHMEN shouting]
Please save our country,
Straw Hat. Save us all!
[FISHMAN BB]
Tear it apart, Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN CC]
We don't need that ship anymore!
[FISHMAN DD]
Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN EE]
[MERMAN A]
Straw Hat!
[MERMAIDS shouting]
Save us, Luffy!
[yelling]
[FISHMAN J]
Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN K]
[MERMAID D]
Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN L]
[FISHMAN FF]
Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN GG]
Go, Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN HH]
Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN II]
[FISHMAN JJ]
Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN KK]
Stop the Noah! Destroy it!
[FISHMAN LL]
Tear it to bits!
[FISHMAN MM]
Wreck it all!
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY] I haven't even
broke half of this thing!
[LUFFY gasps]
Wait, Luffy!
[groaning]
Your wound is opening up again!
[LUFFY]
Stay back!
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
You wanna help?
Stay back and watch!
All that matters now is me
tearing this damn thing apart!
[LUFFY] Stop, you
dumb ship! Stop falling!
[FISHMEN shouting]
[FISHMAN NN]
Straw Hat!
Luffy! You can do it!
Break it apart!
[FRANKY]
Super!
[yelling]
I'm sorry that this
had to happen, Father.
Destroying the Noah.
It's the only thing to be done.
Straw Hat!
[NEPTUNE] We're losing
the Ship of Promise,
but what can be done?
My people's lives
are more important.
Still, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I cannot
keep the promise, Joy Boy.
[yelling]
Just a little more to go!
[whimpers]
[yelling]
Please.
[LUFFY yelling]
[SEA KING A]
You may stop.
[LUFFY gasps]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Who's there?
Enough, Luffy!
You can't do this!
You have to stop!
You're going to kill yourself!
Move, Weepyhoshi!
I have to save the island!
[cries]
It's all right now!
[LUFFY]
It's not all right!
Everyone's gonna die if I don't!
Will you just look?
The Noah's stopped!
[panting]
The Sea Kings? But why?
[crying]
You're angry! I don't
like it when you yell at me!
Hey! We got bigger
problems to deal with!
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I don't know what this means,
but I think it's a good thing.
They stopped it. Somehow.
The Noah's not falling!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
What the hell is happening?
Are you seeing this?
Did the Sea Kings
seriously stop the Noah?
[panting]
[groans]
Oh, Luffy!
You're losing so much
blood from that wound!
We need to get you to a doctor!
[panting]
Yeah, well, it's okay. Really.
Just as long as
the ship is stopped.
[LUFFY] I'm just glad
everyone is safe now.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy!
[PURPLE SEA KING]
He'll be all right.
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
I gotta admit, that there
is one hell of a human.
Yeah, to say the least.
He sure is strong, isn't he?
Even if we had been late,
the island would've been saved.
At the cost of the Noah being
completely destroyed, of course.
[SHIRAHOSHI gasping]
Well, it's a good thing
we did make it then.
I sure am glad that
Princess Shirahoshi
called out to us
like that. Just in time.
Huh? But I didn't
do anything at all.
I was just sad!
Not quite. Your will and the
will of the human echoed as one,
becoming a wish. A prayer to us.
Your desire to save
your people was so strong.
We all heard it loud and clear.
You're not nearly as
helpless as you think!
The power of the Sea
Kings is yours as well.
If you are in need,
then we shall heed your call.
P-People of the kingdom.
I'm not sure what
just happened here.
I'm not even sure
if I can describe it.
But whatever
it was, it happened!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
The Noah... It's been stopped!
[AMMO KNIGHT A] And it's
damaged, but not destroyed.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Fishman Island has been saved!
[FISHMEN cheering]
[FISHMAN PP]
I knew Straw Hat would save us!
[FISHMAN O]
He did it!
[MERMAID E]
It's finally over!
[FISHBOY B]
Yeah!
[FISHGIRL A, FISHBOY A,
FISHBOY B] Yay!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Straw Hat!
What a relief!
[SHELL SHIRT FISHMAN,
STRIPED HAT FISHMAN laughing]
[STRAW HAT PIRATES laughing]
[NARRATOR] Hordy is
vanquished, the Noah is stopped,
and Fishman Island is saved.
Unfortunately, Luffy was
gravely injured in the process.
Just as the Fishmen
reach toward the future,
a nagging memory of the past
could cost their
savior his life.
With no time to spare,
a true friend steps forward
to tear down the walls
of the island's history.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"To the Future!
The Path to the Sun!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!